Gitlab edit (#17836)
demisto/content: Packs/DevSecOps/ReleaseNotes/1_0_10.md

#### Integrations
##### GitLab

> - Updated the type of the **trigger_token** param to be 4 instead of 9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **trigger_token** param type was wrong.
```
